DOC-1871: RC - SAML Integration guide migration (#2345)
RedisLabs/redislabs-docs: content/rc/security/single-sign-on/saml-sso/saml-integration-azure-ad.md

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_18.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

5. Once the Application is created → **Set up single sign on**

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_4.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

6. Select **SAML** as the single sign-on method

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_5.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

7. Scroll down to **Step 4** in the configuration screen, and note down or copy the following information :

* **Login URL** -> Will be used as the "IdP server URL" in the SAML configuration in SM
* **Azure AD Identifier** -> Will be used as the "Issuer (IdP Entity ID)" in the SAML configuration in SM
  
    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_6.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

8. Scroll up to **Step 3** in the configuration screen

* Certificate (Base 64) is needed in order to complete the SAML configuration in SM

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_7.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

9. Scroll up to **Step 1** in the configuration screen and enter some **dummy data** in the Required fields → **Save**

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_8.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

> 10. Once the dummy data has been entered, the **Certificate** becomes available for download

Reviewer: Can we change "dummy data" to "placeholder data"?

    * Paste **EntityID** information in the: 
        * Identifier (Entity ID) field
  
    * Paste **Location** link in Reply URL (Assertion Consumer Service URL) field

    * For the **Sign on URL** field, add the following URL: **https://app.redislabs.com/#/login/?idpId=** where you need to add the ID from the Reply URL’s ID. eg. https://app.redislabs.com/#/login/?idpId=0oa5pwatz2JfpfCb91d7

    Once done, click on the **Save** button

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_23.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

2. We will now scroll down to **Step 2** which is the Attributes & Claims section and click on the **Edit** button

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_24.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

3. We need to configure certain different attributes and claims

    * Modify Unique User Identifier (Name ID) to **user.mail**
  
    * Modify Additional Claims to match SAML assertion as follows:
  
        * **Email** : user.mail
        * **FirstName** : user.givenname
        * **LastName** : user.surname
        * **redisAccountMapping** : "98072=owner"

>         * -> Redis Cloud account IDs and user roles pairs. The key-value pair consists of the **lower-cased role name** (ie owner, member, manager, or viewer) AND your **Redis Cloud Account ID** (you can find this information in the upper-right user menu at app.redislabs.com, eg. 123456=owner,987654=viewer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * -> Redis Cloud account IDs and user roles pairs. The key-value pair consists of the **lower-cased role name** (owner, member, manager, or viewer) AND your **Redis Cloud Account ID** found in the [account settings]({{<relref "rc/accounts/account-settings">}}).
```

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_14.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

4. In order to add a user to the application, we begin by clicking on **User and Groups** in the left hand menu and click on the **Add user/group** button.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_15.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

5. Next, we add the user and click on the **Assign** button

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_16.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

## Step 4 - Return to Redis Cloud SM

> 1. Return to Redis Cloud SM, and now click on the **Activate** button

Reviewer: We should change "Redis Cloud SM" to "Redis Cloud admin console".

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/sm_saml_9.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

3. The Microsoft AD login screen will appear, enter the credentials and click **Sign In**

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_19.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

4. If the test has succeeded, you will see the following screen. Your local account is now considered a SAML account. In order to login to SM going forward, you click on the **Sign in with SSO** button.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/sm_saml_11.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

5. In the screen, enter your SAML email and click *Login*

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_21.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

6. **Congratulations!!!** You have successfully configured SAML as an identification provider

    {{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_22.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

## Claim conditions and user groups

Assuming that the users will be part of different Groups, you can create a Claim Condition for redisAccountMapping attribute :

{{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_20.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

## IdP initiated SSO

> If you correctly set the up the **Sign on URl** in step three, then by default, the SAML application will appear on user’s **My Apps** panel

Reviewer: Typo: "set the up the" should be "set up the".

{{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_25.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

While assigning the user to the app, there’s also a notification shown 

{{<image filename="images/rc/saml/ad_saml_26.png" alt="" >}}{{</image>}}

> Therefore, if you sign into into `https://myapplications.microsoft.com/`, the application will be available.

Reviewer: Our style guides recommend changing "sign into" to "sign in to".
